acer ac700 10 the chromebook bay there was a
11.61 screen product extremely
clear full size keyboard with these
pop-up keys directly from the
body of the product give a comfortable e
easy typing possibility
but also greater robustness e
stiffness the keyboard itself a touchpad
large for a product that
however of an ultramobile category
let's talk about a chromebook then a
computer that gives its best when
has wifi connectivity the system is based
clearly on a number of applications
that may have gone to call back
for free or purchased on the web store
of chrome
the applications are really many there
allow both to play and instead of
range in productivity with one
series of alternatives that are not from
minus those that are not offered today
in the world of tablets is a product that
currently not
does not have a launch date for the market
Italian but which is already available in
other European markets such as the
near france
let's see the product from close up
chromebook highlights its nature
through also the insertion in the
part of the back cover of the logo of
chrome
we talk about a very very product
subtle but that complements the regions
45 vga output a hdmi a usb up
this side and rotating we can find
other b clearly the outlet for the
anti theft safety hook
kensington
here we have the attack for the adapter plug
and the headphone output in the back part
cover we can see as well as the
battery can be removed e
possibly replaced if necessary or
a second battery can be used
in order to still have a guarantee of
even longer duration
we have seen the activities from the moment in
where the awakening screen is opened
stand-by and practically immediate